README.rst, before:

| |Build Status| | |Coveralls Status| | |Codecov Status| | |Code Climate|

Python CarePoint Library
========================

This library will allow you to interact with CarePoint using Python.

| For the most part, it just provides some convenience wrappers to
  encapsulate
| all of the tables within one object/session for easy use.

Most of the methods return SQLAlchemy ResultProxies.

Installation
------------

To install this module, you need to:

-  Utilize a system able to access all CarePoint network resources
   (database, SMB)
-  This includes things like DNS entries for the NETBIOS names
-  Setup UnixODBC - http://help.interfaceware.com/kb/904
-  Install UnixODBC development headers -
   ``apt-get install unixodbc-dev``
-  Install dependencies - ``pip install -r requirements.txt``
-  Install library - ``pip install .``

Setup
-----

-  Create an Active Directory user
-  Give AD user permissions to CarePoint images and data net shares
-  Give AD user read & write permissions on the following databases:
-  cph
-  grx\_master

Usage
-----

* `API Documentation <https://laslabs.github.io/python-carepoint>`_

Connect to Database server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    from carepoint import Carepoint

    cp = Carepoint(
        server='127.0.0.1',
        user='test_db_user',
        passwd='db_pass',
    )

Perform a search for a patient with the last name Smith
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {'lname': 'Smith'},
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.fname

Perform a patient search, but only return the ``mname`` column
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {'lname': 'Smith'},
        ['mname'],
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.mname

Get patients modified in 2015
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {
            'chg_date': {
                '<=': '2015-12-31',
                '>=': '2015-01-01',
            }
        },
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.fname

Get image using SMB path from database
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    cp = Carepoint(**opts)
    img_rec = cp.search(cp['FdbImg']).first()
    image_file = cp.get_file(img_rec.IMAGE_PATH)
    image_data = image_file.read()

Known Issues / Road Map
-----------------------

-  More usage samples
-  A decent amount of models are missing
-  Create documentation of models
-  Add some basic validations
-  Create a column type that will retrieve file from SMB path in DB
-  Better SMB support (allow ftimes, dir list, caching)
-  FDB images only serve from store ID 1’s net share
-  Having to pass the model to the Carepoint object is annoying, object

.. |Build Status| image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/laslabs/Python-Carepoint.svg?branch=release%2F0.1
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/laslabs/Python-Carepoint
.. |Coveralls Status| image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/badge.svg?branch=release%2F0.1
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/laslabs/Python-Carepoint?branch=release%2F0.1
.. |Codecov Status| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/branch/release%2F0.1/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/laslabs/Python-Carepoint
.. |Code Climate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/laslabs/Python-Carepoint

Commit message:

[IMP] Add domain syntax for an OR query with a list * Add logic to allow for an or query by using a list

README.rst, after:

| |Build Status| | |Coveralls Status| | |Codecov Status| | |Code Climate|

Python CarePoint Library
========================

This library will allow you to interact with CarePoint using Python.

| For the most part, it just provides some convenience wrappers to
  encapsulate
| all of the tables within one object/session for easy use.

Most of the methods return SQLAlchemy ResultProxies.

Installation
------------

To install this module, you need to:

-  Utilize a system able to access all CarePoint network resources
   (database, SMB)
-  This includes things like DNS entries for the NETBIOS names
-  Setup UnixODBC - http://help.interfaceware.com/kb/904
-  Install UnixODBC development headers -
   ``apt-get install unixodbc-dev``
-  Install dependencies - ``pip install -r requirements.txt``
-  Install library - ``pip install .``

Setup
-----

-  Create an Active Directory user
-  Give AD user permissions to CarePoint images and data net shares
-  Give AD user read & write permissions on the following databases:
-  cph
-  grx\_master

Usage
-----

* `API Documentation <https://laslabs.github.io/python-carepoint>`_

Connect to Database server
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    from carepoint import Carepoint

    cp = Carepoint(
        server='127.0.0.1',
        user='test_db_user',
        passwd='db_pass',
    )

Perform a search for a patient with the last name Smith
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {'lname': 'Smith'},
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.fname

Perform a search for a patient with the last name Smith or Jones
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {'lname': ['Smith', 'Jones']},
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.fname

Perform a patient search, but only return the ``mname`` column
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {'lname': 'Smith'},
        ['mname'],
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.mname

Get patients modified in 2015
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    res = cp.search(
        cp['Patient'],
        {
            'chg_date': {
                '<=': '2015-12-31',
                '>=': '2015-01-01',
            }
        },
    )
    for row in res:
        print row.fname

Get image using SMB path from database
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

    cp = Carepoint(**opts)
    img_rec = cp.search(cp['FdbImg']).first()
    image_file = cp.get_file(img_rec.IMAGE_PATH)
    image_data = image_file.read()

Known Issues / Road Map
-----------------------

-  More usage samples
-  A decent amount of models are missing
-  Create documentation of models
-  Add some basic validations
-  Create a column type that will retrieve file from SMB path in DB
-  Better SMB support (allow ftimes, dir list, caching)
-  FDB images only serve from store ID 1’s net share
-  Having to pass the model to the Carepoint object is annoying, object

.. |Build Status| image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/laslabs/Python-Carepoint.svg?branch=release%2F0.1
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/laslabs/Python-Carepoint
.. |Coveralls Status| image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/badge.svg?branch=release%2F0.1
   :target: https://coveralls.io/r/laslabs/Python-Carepoint?branch=release%2F0.1
.. |Codecov Status| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/branch/release%2F0.1/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/laslabs/Python-Carepoint
.. |Code Climate| image:: https://codeclimate.com/github/laslabs/Python-Carepoint/badges/gpa.svg
   :target: https://codeclimate.com/github/laslabs/Python-Carepoint
